#summary A summary of tested configurations by me or the community

= Introduction =
This page lists all phone/adapters which have been tested with this application.  If you've used a working configuration, please add in the comments.

Unfortunately as you can see the list is short - please help make it longer!

I doubt this widget will work with any releases other than donut (since it uses deprecated API's.)  Update - it is known to not work with 2.0.  See [http://code.google.com/p/toggleheadset2/issues/detail?id=7&can=1 Issue 7]

I would expect it to work with most phones/adapters running the 1.6 (donut) release.

= Tested Configurations =

|| *Phone* || *Adapter* || *Tested By* ||
|| HTC G1 (TMobile) || [http://www.daydeal.com/product.php?productid=29955 HTC 5 in 1 Adapter] || Dan ||
|| Android Dev Phone 1 || [http://www.daydeal.com/product.php?productid=29955 HTC 5 in 1 Adapter] || David ||
|| Mytouch 3G || HTC 3 in 1 Adapter || Gordon ||

= Not Working Configurations = 

Any phone using a version later than 1.6 will not work. (Use Menu at the home screen->About Phone->Android Version.)

In addition, these phones running Android 1.6 have been tested by the community and reported to be not working.  If any of you would like to send me a logcat output for these (or a phone :) I will investigate and attempt to fix.  If you are an android hacker (or want to be) and have questions about the source code and how to modify it to work with your phone please don't hesitate to [http://www.ddubtech.com contact me]

|| *Phone* || *Adapter* || *Tested By* ||
|| Samsung Galaxy I7500 || N/A || Ronald ||
|| DSTL1 || N/A || Luc ||

You may also want to try the "Headset Toggle Widget" also on the market for these phones.  It has been reported to work by customers.

= My Device Isn't On the List - What do I do? =
Just download the application from the android market & uninstall it if it does not work.  You won't be charged.

If it does not work, please add an issue on the issues tab. If you can get me a logcat output with the [http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/tools/adb.html Android Debug Bridge] I will attempt to fix if possible.